release: v2.6.0 (#775)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/whats_new.rst

.. towncrier release notes start

.. _vp2p6p0:

v2.6.0
------

> This release contains support for forum channels (and their tags) as well as full support for the automoderation API and gateway events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for new forum channels (like tags) as well as auto moderation, among other things. See below for more.
Also note the breaking changes listed below, which may require additional code changes.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/775/commits/b350ba8b958d5a0029b86739650dc85b1ad4025a

- Make the :func:`.ext.commands.default_member_permissions` decorator always work in cogs. (:issue:`678`)
- Fix :attr:`Spotify.start`, :attr:`Spotify.end`, :attr:`Spotify.duration` raising :exc:`KeyError` instead of returning ``None``, improve activity typing. (:issue:`685`)
- Fixes message initialization failing with threads and no intents by explicitly checking we have a guild object where one is required. (:issue:`699`, :issue:`712`)
- Fixed an issue where it would be possible to remove other features when enabling or disabling the ``COMMUNITY`` feature for a :class:`.Guild`. (:issue:`705`)
- Fix invalid widget fields. (:issue:`736`)
    - :attr:`Widget.invite_url` and :attr:`Widget.fetch_invite` are now optional.
    - :attr:`WidgetMember.avatar` and :attr:`WidgetMember.activity` now work properly and no longer always raise an exception or return ``None``.
- No longer use deprecated `@!` syntax for mentioning users. (:issue:`743`)
- Fix creation of forum threads without :class:`Permissions.manage_threads`. (:issue:`746`)
- Don't count initial message in forum threads towards :attr:`Thread.message_count` and :attr:`Thread.total_message_sent`. (:issue:`747`)

> - Fix edge case with parsing command annotations that contain a union of non-type objects, like ``Optional[Literal[1, 2, 3]]``. (:issue:`770`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |commands| Fix edge case with parsing command annotations that contain a union of non-type objects, like ``Optional[Literal[1, 2, 3]]``. (:issue:`770`)
```
small nit - noticed this earlier, might as well fix it now

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/775/commits/27c168d36dfebebe4921405bfe456a8f6e455c1c
